The Online assessment project is to provide online facility to Transflower Learning Pvt. Ltc. to conduct online exams and to studnets to give online exams. Transflower can enter and edit questions along with the studetns list. Also they can view the result . Students can login and give thier respecit exams and view their score. Others can view sample papers to get look and feel of the online examiniation system.

The Online Assessement is Softwarte soltion which allows  Transflower to arrange , conduct and manage any objective examination via online. This project  will be developed as fullstack application along with Mobile app and MySQL used as backend of the project.

The Scope and limitations

The website to conduct online examination is "TransflowerOnlineTest". This web site provides facility to Transflower to conduct online examiniation by providing unique ID.  Transflower provides answers with positive and negative marks.  Transflower enters eligible students. All the information entered can be later edited for Transflower. In turn sutdnent can login with their id, name and Transflower id to give the exam and can view their result . Transflower can also view the result of thier students.

1. The online ecam system design to Transflower
2. Hold all operation and generate report to students, teachers, and administrator.
3. Support multiple choices questions.
4. Allow the student to pro choice  the answer and to see his marks
5. Verfigy a security, authority and safety.

TFL Online Assessment

Modules:
	Membership
	Questionbank
	TestDesign
	AnswerCart
	Evaluation
	ResultPRocessing
	

The candidate wil logon to system and take his examiniation. He or she can check the previois examiniations makrs and his details. The candidatewil get result immediatelyafter the completion of exam.
The database is prepared and loaded into system. Seletion for examinition can be done. The result will be displayed immediately after completion of the examination.
The administrator collects  all the results after successful completion of exam and sends to the management as and when required.


The features available to administrators:
. The administrator has full feldged rights over the Transflower Online Test.
. Can create/ delete an account
. Can view the accounts.
. Can change the password.
. Can hide any kind of features from the both of users.
. Insert/ delete / edit the information of available on Transflower Online Test.
. Can Access all the acconts of the faculty members/ students.

The features available for students are:
Can view the different Categories of Test available in thier account.
Can chagne password
Can view thier marks
Can view the various reading material
Can vie and modify its profile but can modify to some limited range.


The features available to Examiner are:
Can view the different categories of Test conducted by users.
Can change the password
Can view thier marks
Can view and mofigy Results
     
